persistent storage; container full disk (#3275)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/suma/server-deployment-suma.adoc

=== Configure Custom Persistent Storage

> Configuring persistent storage is optional, but the only way to avoid serious trouble with container full disk conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring persistent storage is optional, but it is the only way to avoid serious trouble with container full disk conditions.
```

> It ist highly recommended to configure custom persistent storage with the [command]``mgr-storage-server`` tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to configure custom persistent storage with the [command]``mgr-storage-server`` tool.
```

====

> ==== Troubleshhoting Full Disk Event

Reviewer 2: `Troubleshhoting` typo :)

In case a dedicated disk that was mounted as a persistent storage medium runs out of storage space, proceed as follows to solve the problem.

.Procedure: Resize Storage Medium

. Increase the disk (for example, [path]``/dev/vdb``) size.
  For example, if the disk is a QCOW2 image, use the command [command]``qemu-img resize``.

. Ensure the partition uses all available space:
* open a shell in the container using [command]``mgrctl term``.
* [command]``sudo parted /dev/vdb``
* [literal]``(parted)`` [command]``print``
* [literal]``(parted)`` [command]``resizepart NUMBER 100%`` where [literal]``NUMBER`` is the partition number shown by [command]``print`` command (for example, [literal]``1`` if [literal]``/dev/vdb1``)
* [literal]``(parted)`` [command]``quit``
. Resize the filesystem. For example, for an XFS filesystem run in a shell inside the container:
+

----
sudo xfs_growfs /dev/vdb1
----

> Completing this procedure, an XFS filesystem on [literal]``/dev/vdb1`` should now be using all space available on the disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing this procedure, a XFS filesystem on [literal]``/dev/vdb1`` should be using all space available on the disk.
```

Author: I'm not sure, but judging from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_articles#Distinction_between_a_and_an, I'd like to keep "an" because a vowel sound follows
